RHDEVDOCS-3658- RN Reformat (#41059)
openshift/openshift-docs: logging/cluster-logging-release-notes.adoc

|====

// Release Notes by version
include::modules/cluster-logging-release-notes-5.3.z.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[id="cluster-logging-release-notes-5-3-0"]
== OpenShift Logging 5.3.0
This release includes link:https://access.redhat.com/errata/RHSA-2021:4627[RHSA-2021:4627 OpenShift Logging Bug Fix Release 5.3.0]

[id="openshift-logging-5-3-0-new-features-and-enhancements"]
=== New features and enhancements
* With this update, authorization requirements for Log Forwarding have been relaxed. Outputs may now be configured with SASL, username/password, or TLS.

[id="openshift-logging-5-3-0-bug-fixes"]
=== Bug fixes

> * Before this update records shipped via syslog would serialize a ruby hash encoding key/value pairs to contain a '=>' character, as well as replace tabs with "#11".  This update serializes the message correctly as proper JSON. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1494[LOG-1494])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before this update, if you forwarded logs using the syslog protocol, serializing a ruby hash encoded key/value pairs to contain a '=>' character and replaced tabs with "#11".  This update fixes the issue so that log messages are correctly serialized as valid JSON. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1494[LOG-1494])
```
WDYT? 
With suggestion, I'm trying to do the following: 
- Avoids using "would." IBM SG: "Use only to refer to an unfulfilled condition or hypothesis and to express the future in the past"
- Helps make the precondition, forwarding using syslog, clearer.

> * Before this update, a regression introduced in a prior release intentionally disabled JSON message parsing. With this update, a log entry's "level" value is set based on: a parsed JSON message that has a "level" field or by applying a regex against the message field to extract a match. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/LOG-1199[LOG-1199])

Reviewer: If you update LOG-1759, use the same language here.

Instead, use the following non-legacy methods:

> * xref:../logging/cluster-logging-external.adoc#cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-fluentd_cluster-logging-external[Forwarding logs using the Fluentd fohttps://www.redhat.com/security/data/cve/CVE-2021-22922.htmlrward protocol]

Reviewer: Ooops!

Instead, use the following non-legacy methods:

> * xref:../logging/cluster-logging-external.adoc#cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-fluentd_cluster-logging-external[Forwarding logs using the Fluentd fohttps://www.redhat.com/security/data/cve/CVE-2021-22922.htmlrward protocol]

Reviewer: @libander It looks like the URL for a CVE was accidentally pasted into the link text.
```suggestion
* xref:../logging/cluster-logging-external.adoc#cluster-logging-collector-log-forward-fluentd_cluster-logging-external[Forwarding logs using the Fluentd forward protocol]
```
